docs: replace grafana-agent with opentelemetry-collector (#258)
canonical/observability-stack: docs/how-to/integrate/instrument-machine-charms.md

zookeeper/0*  active    idle   1        10.72.158.122

Machine  State    Address        Inst id        Base          AZ            Message
1        started  10.72.158.122  juju-50c528-1  ubuntu@22.04  charm-dev-36  Running
```

## Deploy the Opentelemetry Collector machine charm

Now deploy the Opentelemetry Collector machine charm.

```
$ juju deploy opentelemetry-collector otelcol --channel 2/stable --base=ubuntu@22.04
$ juju status

Model  Controller  Cloud/Region         Version  SLA          Timestamp
zoo    lxd         localhost/localhost  3.6.19   unsupported  18:25:34-03:00

App        Version  Status   Scale  Charm                    Channel   Rev  Exposed  Message
otelcol             unknown      0  opentelemetry-collector  2/stable  248  no
zookeeper  3.9.2    active       1  zookeeper                3/stable  163  no

Unit          Workload  Agent  Machine  Public address  Ports  Message
zookeeper/0*  active    idle   1        10.72.158.122

Machine  State    Address        Inst id        Base          AZ            Message
1        started  10.72.158.122  juju-50c528-1  ubuntu@22.04  charm-dev-36  Running
```

> At this point we have one `zookeeper` unit in `active` state, and a `grafana-agent` in unknown state, with no units. This is, as mentioned earlier, because `grafana-agent` is a [subordinate charm](https://discourse.charmhub.io/t/subordinate-applications/1053).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point we have one `zookeeper` unit in `active` state, and a `opentelemetry-collector` in unknown state, with no units. This is, as mentioned earlier, because `opentelemetry-collector` is a [subordinate charm](https://discourse.charmhub.io/t/subordinate-applications/1053).
```

> Now integrate `zookeeper` with `grafana-agent` over the `cos-agent` relation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now integrate `zookeeper` with `opentelemetry-collector` over the `cos-agent` relation.
```
